NARRATOR:

On the clearest of nights







when the winds of the Etherium

were calm and peaceful







[Creaking]







the great merchant ships







with their cargoes

of Arcturian sura crystals







felt safe and secure







Little did they suspect

that they were pursued by







pirates







And the most feared

of all these pirates







was the notorious

Captain Nathaniel Flint







Fire!







[All gasping]







Aah!







Like a Candarian zap-wing

ovetaking its prey--







[Door creaks]







WOMAN:

James Pleiades Hawkins







l thought you were asleep

an hour ago.







l thought you were asleep

an hour ago.







Mom, l was just getting

to the best part.







Please?







Oh, can those eyes

get any bigger?







Scootch over.







NARRATOR: like

a Candarian zap-wing







ovetaking its prey







Flint

and his band of renegades







swooped in out of nowhere







[Jingling]







Ha ha ha ha!







And then. gathering up

their spoils







vanished without a trace







-Ooh!

-Ooh!







NARRATOR: Flint's secret trove

was never found







but stories have persisted

that it remains hidden







somewhere at the fathest

reaches of the galaxy







stowed with riches

beyond imagination--







the loot

of a thousand worlds







JlM AND NARRATOR:

Treasure Planet







OK. Blow your nose.







How do you think

Captain Flint did it, Mom?







How'd he swoop in out of nowhere

and vanished without a trace?







l have no idea.







Come here, you, you li--







l'm gonna get--oh!







[Pffft]

[Giggling]







OK, now it's time for this

little spacer to go to sleep.







You think somebody'll

ever find Treasure Planet?







Sweetheart,

l think it's more...







like a legend.







l know it's real.







You win. lt's real.







-Nighty-night, Mom.

-Nighty-night, sweetheart.







l love you.







Love you, too.







[Rustling]







[Rustling]







NARRATOR: There are nights when

the winds of the Etherium







so inviting in their promise

of flight and freedom







made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!made one's spirit soar!

Aurevoir
